hey everybody welcome back the lion
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus you know what no I'm not I don't
care that we're Maggie I'm not reran to
me because we're Maggie I'm reran to me
because the streak is zero and I need
Redemption the quickest way to get
Redemption is to slay the Beast that
slayed you you ever played Dark Souls
we're getting our freaking blood stain
back v h 8 x 8 7 CX seems like a
familiar seed for whatever reason why
Judas Judas not the hardest character in
the game however I've recently posted a
Judas video in which I died three times
in the same episode it was embarrassing
also at a daily where I ranked 5000 and
I won't speak about the other daily
because it probably will not go up until
later tonight but let's just say
redemption wouldn't be the worst thing
in the world right now so here's what
we're gonna do we're gonna take a
strength car because that's a free deal
with the devil and we're going to win
and once you get this win we'll go back
to Randleman but yeah I feel like I've
been hit by a string of a combination of
poor play and bad luck and Isaac and
it's up to me to get out of it more poor
play than bad luck keep in mind we did
win two lost runs and a keeper run
recently like we did in the past week or
10 days or so but this is our chance to
get ourselves out of the out of the
doldrums here and I hope that you'll
equius and and agree and give me the
opportunity to redeem myself on this
Judas run today for now I think all we
got to do is play well and we'll be fine
usually I mean that goes without saying
some extent is supposedly unique it's
not always guaranteed that's why I older
I've gotten to be honest with you and
pull back the veil a little bit my
anxiety has gotten a lot worse and I
think it's because I pretend to
understand variants now not to say that
I understand it I was very careful of my
diction but now I'm like you know I
thought about it while I was studying
for this certification test and I was
like you know sure I could do the mock
exam and get like 85 that means I will
get like a hundred
if the actual exam is the same as the
mock exam but you know what if I brain
fart up a couple of the questions in
this section and then you might think
that this is like overly worrisome but I
don't necessarily think so I mean if to
know let's put it this way to get a 90%
on like an exam what do you need to know
what percentage of the course material
do you need to know do you need to know
90% you need to know a hundred percent
do you need to know like you know
seventy-five percent and maybe get a
little lucky this is a boring topic of
conversation but hopefully you sort of
understand where I'm coming from same
thing I think about it like when I'm
driving sometimes I'm like even if I'm
paying a hundred percent attention there
are things that I will not be able to
avoid like if somebody else is paying
zero percent attention could cause
problems that's why I get really
aggravated what I'm driving and I know
there's some of you out of you're
watching this video use your freaking
signal lights
there's no others literally no cost
using your signal lights if someone
wants to cut you off in traffic because
they saw that you put your signal light
on and they're like I'm going to get
ahead of this guy and not let him in
rest assured that you know you might get
home 45 seconds later but at least
you're not a douchebag like that person
right a person's hood just a straight-up
piece of garbage so feel good about the
fact that you you know are not them
anyway you know so I think about
variance you know when you're young it's
not uncommon although not guaranteed to
have no unduly high confidence and not
even in a bad way you're like I'm
confident I'll do well I know the
material that's a safe attitude to have
and it's probably a healthy attitude to
have pyro in a crawl space it is not the
way what is it
we were the lyrics to it's not strange
that's it mmm pyro in the crawl space
it's not strange and he just wants to
give you bombs this way okay thank god
this actually paid dividends because we
could have been in a weird spot if it
didn't now I'm like oh if I want to get
a 60 on this I need to know 110 percent
of the material
and maybe that's a good attitude in its
own way as well say me when I'm driving
I'm like many times I'm driving I've got
my phone hooked up to the Bluetooth part
of my car's so that it plays music from
my phone and then the music that I've
set up in the playlist will just stop
and there's no way to get it started
again without looking at my phone I will
have a silent drive for the next however
long it takes it happened like the last
summer we were driving to Portland like
two hours into the five hour drive which
actually ended up being like seven hours
because the traffic music cut out Kate
was asleep I was like well I guess you
know hello silence my old friends they
never didn't have any choice you know
I'm a cautious person probably overly
you know risk-averse at this stage in my
life how does this factor into the
binding of issac I don't remember how
factors into the binding of issac I got
lost on this tangent and now I apologize
but the Zane is still there and that's
what's so weird is that they gave me
like a d6 room right now I'd say thank
you sir can I have another they gave me
a D 69 right now I'd say you know you
know let me check out my wife first I
mean we're a married couple in a
monogamous relationship here I want to
step on our toes here by engaging in
mutual oral stimulation with the video
game it's a I don't know what a d 69
room is all I know is that if you start
playing with a 70 sided dice you've
reached peak nerd them and I'm
simultaneously ashamed of you and also
jealous because that sounds like fun
either way there we go this is where we
can use our strength card for good not
for evil
that's a terrible item so this is great
yeah so we basically heard one HP and
one stripe card we just got two of the
best while two very good one of the best
and one very good item
that's a sentence that made like no
sense what I'm trying to say is that we
got a pretty smoking deal there we never
should have been able to afford it but
we came in with a coupon and now we can
fly and on top of the flying we also
have incubus which is a huge help for us
in dealing more damage straight up yet
instead okay dude ten cents for three
spirit eyes this run is all about value
right now and it's working out very
nicely we are now outside of that kind
of like gestation period as yudice it
should be nearly impossible for us to
dye our damage is not incredible
necessarily but the utility that we have
is out of control and I mean I'll just
leave it a few guys to notice that we
picked up like literally literally 94
cents or something 19 well I guess we
probably picked up more than 94 but not
all of it was counted on one room that's
pretty ridiculous some more money than
you get on most runs and we just got it
all for the nookie so if you'd like you
can take that cookie what does he mean
okay people got on my butt a little bit
for misinterpreting the lyrics to no
scrubs but I chose to selectively ignore
those comments you can take that cookie
and stick it up your yeah so that's a
very Punk statement because most of us
would take a cookie you know our mouths
and I don't think that's what he's
suggesting Evie's suggesting that you
put it up your your posterior and then
maybe spin afterwards depending on how
much is channeling the Fonz
is this somebody's offering him a cookie
or is the the girl in the song who you
know put a tender heart into a blender
and still he surrenders maybe she owns
like a small cookie store or something
is that the she's like a baker
she runs a small business she is a baker
she runs a small business and she's
raising up three very lovely girls they
all have hair up on like their father
wes borland brow unfurls I don't know
The Brady Bunch theme song watch a lot
of Nick at night as a kid on my
grandparents gray market satellite
television don't tell the American
government I was a child I was an
accessory to the crime at worst and it's
made me the lovely so-and-so you see in
front of you to this day by the way I
didn't I don't want to interrupt my own
tangent but blood bag is very valuable
here because we also got black powder an
item that I think is it runs the
spectrum from garbage to excellent with
the excellent side correlating 107 to
speed basically better your speed is
better your black powder skills are
going to be yeah did you know I
sincerely grew up watching like
Gilligan's Island I Dream of Jeannie and
I've developed
obviously the Brady Bunch of I didn't
develop the Brady Bunch that's like
probably a Merv Griffin joint or
something I've developed whatever the
opposite of nostalgia is I think I've
ascended to a new level of like cultural
hipster dumb people go oh hey man you
guys remember biker mice from mars that
was awesome and i'm like no it was shit
anything that I liked when I was five is
trash
you know I've developed anti nostalgia I
don't know if it's good
obviously anti nostalgia is also a Merv
Griffin joint by the way but yeah I
don't know like if that's a valid
approach to things I would imagine
probably the most valid approach is to
you know judge everything on its own
merits but that's extremely
time-consuming and sometimes it means
that people could have to like back up
you know they'd ask you to back up your
opinion and that's going to be
troublesome everybody wants to get an
arguments all the time let's grab this
let's donate as well like we might as
well that's our get out of jail free
card for boss rush okay that's a great
pill dude grab that too I'm not at all
complaining about my lot in life for
real I'm very happy with where I am in
life even like you know maybe like four
years ago a super bad Isaac run would
have it would have not gotten me down
too much but for at least like a little
while out of it all you know Kate's like
what's wrong I had a really bad eyes
grunt I'm gonna get roasted in the
comments when it goes up on YouTube
right I got a little bit more of a
nihilistic approach to it I like
sometimes the Isaac video is a good
place sometimes the bad play there's an
audience that likes listening to be
rambled they use these to fall asleep
even in Isaac episode in which I don't
play my best is uh it's fine because
first off I'm never going to be the best
player in the world so that's you know
dismissive but also at the same time
quite freeing and then beyond that
that's not the only value of these
episodes that's you know I've gotten a
lot more easygoing about stuff like that
or like missing a day of uh series
bothers me less you know I used to get
like stomachaches about stuff like that
sincerely you ever wonder why you know
youtube.com slash northern Lions got the
kind of consistency that it does yeah it
consistently led me down by canceling
series without due process okay I mean
maybe you got me there but all that
hurts
you know it's largely motivated by fear
and and abdominal discomfort but anyway
a much more nihilistic about stuff like
that now which i think is good no it's
it's a smart approach I figured I was
talking about like mere seconds before
that
oh it's everybody arguing yeah okay so
like I'm not complaining about my lot in
life but sometimes you know you're doing
a Twitter stream and people ask you
questions they'll be like Al what
your favorite Marvel movie I'll be like
you know got to give it up to the Winter
Soldier for sure I think I'd probably
say for me it's Captain America Civil
War and then you know most people are
saying about it but some people are like
you must defend your position explain to
me right now why it's Captain America
Civil War not guardians of the galaxy
and you'll be like well despite the fact
that you know the Marvel movies is
Captain Americans Civil War you know
they kind of follow a formula to some
extent and you know they're bereft of
huge consequences for the characters of
the franchise and I you know would
really like if in the Avengers infinity
Wars part 1 they just killed off Iron
Man in like two seconds to prove that
nobody is safe you know kind of like do
some Game of Thrones stuff to keep
people guessing I still respected it
it's kind of like a masterwork of that
particular genre of filmmaking and you
know guardians of the galaxy is also
great it succeeds on tone I agree but
for whatever reason I'm more of a more
of a Captain America Civil War man I
guess I like that you know it's like the
New England Patriots of superhero movies
it's not necessarily invented but it's
extraordinarily well crafted I guess
Logan though amazing as well definitely
a candidate don't you know what let's go
for it why not let's go but we do need
to buy some spirit hearts hopefully or
something from the shop at least if
people always want to argue I'm telling
you I think I think that's a young
person's game arguing about media not
all I'm not saying you are young if you
do it by layer you're juvenile or
immature but I don't know man
the older I get the less interested I
find myself I still will roast Nikolas
from time to time
I don't think Grandma's Boy is great but
I respect his right to enjoy it
tower ice is the one that always gets me
cuz it's a movie that I when I watched I
could not offer up any sort of opinion
about it at all it's like you know the
bread and olive garden or something like
that you like you want some more bread
what do you think you know
take it or leave it right but he found
himself touched by Tower Heist in a way
I think I'm jealous of that sincerity
but it's also funny to harp on because
it's a Brett Ratner fellow I mean come
on
but people like they would they love to
argue about media
I've been following because I follow
like subcultures and that not as like a
hobby but you know I have not liked like
a DC superhero film in forever I have
nothing against them I just have watched
them and not liked it but sometimes they
go to like Marvel Cinematic Universe
subreddit or the DC Cinematic Universe
in subreddit it's amazing people are
like getting into internet fistfights
over these movies I'm not saying you
know if you feel like that's a good use
of your time by all means but I don't
know man I kind of feel like if plot if
possible you should let it go you'd be
good for your blood pressure and take it
from someone you know who's got
borderline to high blood pressure I
think I would know probably from yelling
about like that's not the right way to
eat cheese on the NL SS all the time
just mellow out a little bit so K let me
use the thing no matter how hard you
fight on the internet and be like you
know how can you listen to that kendrick
lamar's dam is the only hip-hop album
that blahblah people are gonna listen to
and watch and eat and read trash all the
time this is never gonna stop and it's
okay because that's the future that the
human race is doomed itself to we're not
ready to go I mean we might as well
actually now that I think about it you
just got the goat head as well so we got
free deals of the devil you are better
served using your time to find great
stuff for yourself not just to be
selfish but because everybody's got
their own preferences and also like
people like you more I think
nobody likes one of the most offensive
things you can say to somebody is like
you have bad taste you know it's cause
like their whole being into question
it's extremely impolite you kind
being a jerk unless you know you both
agree on the terms of the discussion you
know like on the NLS says we try to make
sure everybody at least that's in my
head that's how I think it works
everybody's on the same page before we
go actually you are a moron and here's
why but I mean come on paper plates and
fry like potatoes get high lag plates if
you catch me I think there's a joke
there is this joke there somewhere and
lack of song by Supertramp
we're linked do your friends with the
timestamp there's a joke somewhere there
is a joke some monkey we need this we
need this
ah no the verb pill I do not want it I
know it's been a preachy episode I feel
like you know the episodes that I come
back from being away are always
preachings I don't demean catalog is not
stored up so I have to talk about real
world garbage man it's not even it's not
like it's overly personal or anything
like that but the good news is the
discussion of or the the topics of
discussion in this issac episode so far
definitely would seem to indicate that
we are going to win or at least be in a
pretty dominant position as you can tell
all this is awesome so you take the Sun
card never mind it's actually not that
awesome we can't use the Sun card for
mappings so what we do instead is we
still have a moon card right that's the
other one we take these sun cards and we
at least use them to clear one room each
which probably justifies the time spent
that being said if your favorite Marvel
movie is not Winter Soldier Civil War
the first Avengers movie the first Iron
Man movie Logan or guardians of the
galaxy I feel like the onus is on you to
explain I'm not saying you can't add Xu
you should always have the right you
know if you're like my favorite Marvel
movie is Iron Man 2 I want to have a
conversation with you because that's not
a popular opinion I want to know what in
your you know your tastes making
preferences has led you to that opinion
it's the same for food if you're like my
ideal meal is a is a french fried
sandwich please
meet me at a coffee shop I'm going to
talk to you for 45 minutes I want to
figure out why not that I think that
you're wrong although personally the
concept of a french fries sandwich it
doesn't make me want to throw up but it
doesn't seem that appetizing to me I
know that ship buddies exist but it's
one of those foods that we just sort of
go you know hey Europe thanks for
settling us and all that but like can
you fart off with that because that's
nonsense
facade sees and look you're going to say
that that's offensive in many ways
you're going to be right I mean we'd
poutine in Canada it's not like common
meal but I assume that chip buddies are
not necessarily a common meal in the UK
as well but we're talking a french fries
sandwich there's also a toast sandwich
that's too far one piece of toast in
between two pieces of on toasted bread
that's that's not a sandwich I mean it
is a sandwich I'm not so worried about
the classification as I am the fact that
this is going to fuel a human beings
life for a little while that scares me
but then in in the Netherlands they have
like rainbow bread unicorn bread
whatever it's called unicorn bread that
is ridiculous it's called rainbow
Britain okay they're both ridiculous
because what it is is white bread butter
and sprinkles you know every country's
got some food item that it's just
you know bad but like it seems like the
kind of thing that you know when you get
to the border you tell tourists like hey
now make sure you have a sprinkle
sandwich when you're in Amsterdam then
when they come back they go sprinkle
sandwich oh yeah this is unusual in
there like you actually did it you idiot
me Iceland has a you know fermented
shark's fin or whatever but I'm not
totally convinced that that one isn't
just a joke that's played by the tourism
department you could say like they ate
it back in the freaking you know 10th
century or something sure I ain't living
in a 10th century though you know I
don't think they were like hey give me
the shark's fin maybe they were though I
don't I'm not an Icelandic historian
although I have read Niall saga if I
remember basically zero of it okay we're
going first up we're taking too much
damage
secondly yeah we have been to the shop
and we've been to the item room I don't
think so we are going to make boss rush
but we should stop taking damage our
speeds almost too high okay that was
really bad don't get stomped buddy this
is like a dangerous situation okay we
got to go oh oh my brain what did I say
it's a run for redemption so we missed
it we missed out on our chance to get
the boss rush because of my own idiocy
what am i doing I actually mind flooded
myself I didn't know that such a thing
was even possible it's just because I'm
such a highly tuned athletes that
if I go away for like 36 hours I just
lose all of my Isaac's skill I don't
know how to explain it
um so yeah I mean obviously that was
idiotic
but rest assured I feel the shame of the
cold chicken nugget of shame deep within
my own bosom here men men have bosoms
right of varying size I could describe
myself as having a bosom it doesn't just
mean breast ranking me a second year
bosom a woman's chest okay so definitely
not that there was a phrase bosom
buddies and I'll read the word has lost
all meaning by the way bosom but I
thought that that meant you know you
were your friends who like you know hug
each other really close apparently it
does not mean that only refers to a
woman's chest my mistake still from
wearing a shirt that's too tight call me
from the right profile
it could be forgiven all right truth be
told this is the situation in which I
thrive to HP on the womb and I've made a
mistake so egregious that to lose the
run at this point would call my actual
like brain health into question so we
have to win right now - you know
preserved if nothing else at least my
own sense of identity so it's very
important for me dial in here and get
this taken care of Plus you know people
are always telling me that I an L don't
do boss rush so much boss you're letting
it control your whole place so I said
okay I'll make it to boss rush and then
just not do it for some reason you know
some arbitrary reason that seems to make
any sense at all why is everything
that's supposed to be bad make me feel
so goood
nice dodge is nice kills and spirit
hearts are coming back fast and furious
I mean again as I've said many times on
this run
we basically should have no reason to
lose even getting down to one spirit
heart on the last floor the result of
like aggregated mistakes she'd never
been hit by mom she'd never been hit
there to be honest with you but with the
wood sack dagger and you know the amount
of speed we have never should have been
hit by mom look I'm just you know guilty
of not seeing the board that well
playing a little too impatiently
probably not using my spacebar item as
often as I should and letting it I'm
letting it get under my skin that's
basically the purpose of this run was to
get around that so continue we haven't
lost the plot completely yet High
Priestess is at least okay I still don't
really know what I'm drowsy pills do I
kind of just use them as if they're I'm
excited and they have an effect outside
of the room but I don't think that's the
case I think maybe they only affect the
room you're presently on like I don't
think I can recall a situation in which
I've been like oh thank God we had I'm
drowsy active unless we had used it on
the room that we were actually in by the
way I should have mentioned this is the
first like non daily I've done since the
second booster pack has come out so I
was kind of hoping to see some new
mechanics new items and stuff like that
but so far it's been a pretty vanilla
run but I know I was really excited to
see that the buzz on the booster pack
was very positive first off because I
think it's good the game could use a win
basically a lot of the press around
afterbirth Plus was not necessarily that
amazing for reasons that I mean largely
were warranted but in my opinion at
least it's kind of a case by case basis
but and secondarily of course because my
professional health is pretty much
directly tied to the success and you
know public perception of this game so
it's always nice when you see news about
Isaac unlike a
a source that's not Isaac specific and
people are stoked about it I'm like eh
okay it's been a while people were not
necessarily immediately thrilled with
after birth plus or the mod support that
came with after birth plus so in fact I
was talking to some Victor last night
and he said the all you idiot now you
didn't say I'm an idiot but he probably
thinks it from time to time and that's
fair I said like the booster packs are
probably the best thing about afterbirth
Plus and honestly I might be inclined to
agree with them the fact that we know
there's going to be like injections of
content at a regular intervals that is
vetted by kind of a central source it's
good you know I know that a lot of the
content is maybe all those it comes no
just a lot of the content is like taken
from the mods to begin with with the
permission of the mod makers but still
we're still like so far from being out
of the woods yet I'm a little
embarrassed but it's one of these none
of these are balls of steel
unfortunately spirit arts please
beautiful thank you we're back a
dinosaur's story verb use our last pill
as I can see forever right thought maybe
we'd like look for a second secret room
quickly and then immediately I've
decided that idea stinks because we
didn't find it right away
where could it be now let's get out of
here I mean I don't really want a verb
and I can see forever pill but I think I
will
the odds of balls of steel for example
showing up again are not necessarily
high like did we even use I can see
forever last we didn't did we
so we got to wait for another pill to
show up that we recognize and then we
can copy it into verb I think the last
one we used was relax there you go so
you think think consciously about things
for like two seconds
don't let your subconscious brain make
the same mistakes you've been making
long-term you thank you sac dagger did
we really care about having five homing
bombs even with like 85 bombs sure 85
homing poison bombs is good but you know
me I'm unlikely to use them that
frequently it's just not in my
repertoire really gotten quite lucky
then it seems like we're going to make
it out of this situation relatively
unscathed like we came close to dying
many times and we also just brain farted
our way you know out of a boss crush
anyone that actually does the the seeds
by the way which I believe I showed it
up earlier feel free to tell me what you
got out of boss rush you know I'm not
going to hide from the truth I obvious
pin that as if like I didn't just make a
ridiculous mistake so I would love to
know what this run could have looked
like maybe you guys got lucky and it was
like blue baby's only friend you got
spared from the minutia or maybe it
would have been like homing tiers
piercing shots and I would have been
super bummed to find out but
interesting to know nonetheless either
way we're certainly not fighting on us
which sucks because we have the
resources for it but we except for HP
which is the big one
I do see that there is a delirium portal
we have to do the chest like we actually
cannot it's got four different paths to
go after the mom's heart boss fight we
got to go chest
we need the items we also need to take I
wouldn't say the easiest path oh well I
guess the easiest path would be pit just
go down to Sheol because we have the
Polaroid's we wouldn't be able to fight
the lamb I was terrible just hold it
together here you know you got the lead
on the last lap of a mario kart race you
don't have to hit every shortcut
although that would help you just need
to not fall off the track and then
eventually just pray that they don't
give them lightning and blue shells dude
there's like there's a scientific
research paper to be done about the
effects of playing mario congress i've
been playing a lot of well not a ton
like not 15 hours i played probably like
eight or nine hours of mario karta
deluxe on the switch and i gotta say for
someone who was fairly skeptical in
advance of it i'm really having a good
time at the switch
mostly because mario kart is awesome but
also tumble seed r.i.p but also the
ability to grab a pro controller and
then just put the screen up on my
headboard and play it in bed is really
nice it's it's an extremely portable
sister I'm not trying to sell you on a
switch lord knows Nintendo basically
hates me
I think I've told this anecdote before
but you know we got dusted when we tried
to get a media appointment for the
newest Zelda game last III and the
scuttlebutt was that not nothing I'm
like famous or infamous within the
industry but let's be honest one who
plays video games but I'm probably I've
been known in some press circles as a
guy who I guess Culver's games has some
influence particularly
are very particularly for indie stuff
maybe and they were like yeah we're like
we're aware of him but we don't think
his content really fits Nintendo's
family-friendly brand image I'll say
okay yeah I mean there was that Pokemon
world tournament where the winners threw
shit on each other's doors I wouldn't
want it I mean I get what they they have
a right to control their brand until the
game releases anyway but all I'm saying
is that I'm if anything I have cause to
be more biased against Nintendo than be
biased in their favor and I think the
switch is a really cool platform right
now but every time I'm in like seventh
place in a Mario Kart oh we're going
holy crap are we ever gonna
any time I'm in like seventh place in a
Mario Kart race and then I get a hit by
a red shell I'm like what is wrong with
you and then of course when I'm a in
eighth place
you know I'm throwing that red shell at
seventh place because I want to finish
in eighth I want to finish in seventh
but I'm like you're just letting the
people ahead of us get further ahead you
scumbag we the form like a union back
here and use all of our power-ups
against the the elites up front they're
the ones truly crushing us here and like
playing Mario Kart with you with your
spouse adds like a whole new dynamic
into it because I'm like I do believe in
like a perfect world we should be able
to be a hundred percent competitive
towards one another but like if I'm in
first place and I send a green shell
backwards to hit her well we're racing
with other people that's like I phrased
it actually in the wrong way because she
actually doesn't get mad at me but
sometimes you know I'll be in like
second and she'll be in first she'll hit
me with something I'll fall back to
fifth and I'm like you don't understand
if I finish in second that means the
other person can't finish in second and
that means me and you as a as team
Ferrari move further ahead in the GP
standings like I'm here to be your your
cow from Talladega Nights
sometimes she's all about the thrill of
the kill she is also better than me
which is part of it I think I remember
Cal's full name from Talladega Nights is
his name Cal Naughton jr. my brain
chooses to remember the full name
including suffix of Jhansi Riley's
character from the 2006 film Talladega
Nights The Ballad of Ricky Bobby can't
remember the second stage of the krebs
cycle if you remember it good for you
but once you get out of your biology
class you're not take it from somebody
who is at least on paper employable in
the biological world why would I ever
take so much damage there that's just
like slanderous okay that was very
stupid of me so here's what we're going
to do instead we could use sack dagger
to finish the job that's lazy let's
complete our redemption at least half of
our redemption the win here was not
difficult it was actually I mean first
off we don't have it yet but in on paper
not a difficult win in fact a very easy
win that we almost squandered but we
didn't squander it and honestly that's
that's a cut above the last three Judas
runs we had in that one video so I'm
going to bounce and say you know what
this is a good foundational stone for us
to build our confidence on for now
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
it helps out a great deal and of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future for now I offer myself
forgiveness for my own mistakes I hope
you do the same I'll see you next time